1. Come, thou fount of ev’ry blessing,
tune my heart to sing thy grace.
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me some melodious sonnet
sung by flaming tongues above.
Praise the mount, I’m fixed upon it,
mount of thy redeeming love.
2. Here I raise my Ebenezer,
hither by thy help I’m come;
And I hope, by thy good pleasure,
safely to arrive at home.
Jesus sought me when a stranger
Wand’ring from the fold of God.
He, to rescue me from danger
interposed His precious blood.
3. Oh to grace, how great a debtor
daily I’m constrained to be.
Let thy goodness like a fetter,
bind my wand’ring heart to thee.
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it;
prone to leave the God I love;
Here’s my heart, O take and seal it,
seal it for thy courts above.
Seal it for thy courts above.
Here’s my heart, O take and seal it,
seal it for thy courts above.